docs/GETTING_STARTED.md, before:

# Getting Started

This page provides basic tutorials about the usage of `MMFashion`.


## Inference with pretrained models

We provide testing scripts to evaluate a whole dataset (Category and Attribute Prediction Benchmark, In-Shop Clothes Retrieval Benchmark, Fashion Landmark Detection Benchmark etc.),
and also some high-level apis for easier integration to other projects.

### Test an image

You can use the following commands to test an image.

```sh
python demo/test_*.py --input ${INPUT_IMAGE_FILE}
```

Examples:

Assume that you have already downloaded the checkpoints to `checkpoints/`.

1. Test an attribute predictor.

```sh
# Prepare `Anno/list_attr_cloth.txt` which is specified in `configs/attribute_predict/global_predictor_vgg_attr.py`
python demo/test_predictor.py \
    --input demo/attr_pred_demo1.jpg
```

2. Test an in-shop / Consumer-to_shop clothes retriever.

```sh
# Prepare the gallery data which is specified in `configs/retriever_in_shop/global_retriever_vgg_loss_id.py`
python demo/test_retriever.py \
    --input demo/retrieve_demo1.jpg
```


### Test a dataset

You can use the following commands to test a dataset.

```sh
python tools/test_*.py --config ${CONFIG_FILE} --checkpoint ${CHECKPOINT_FILE}
```

Examples:

Assume that you have already downloaded the checkpoints to `checkpoints/` and prepared the dataset in `data/`.

1. Test an attribute predictor.

```sh
python tools/test_predictor.py \
    --config configs/attribute_predict/roi_predictor_vgg_attr.py \
    --checkpoint checkpoint/Predict/vgg/roi/latest.pth
```

2. Test an in-shop / Consumer-to_shop clothes retriever.

```sh
python tools/test_retriever.py \
    --config configs/retriever_in_shop/roi_retriever_vgg.py \
    --checkpoint checkpoint/Retrieve_in_shop/vgg/latest.pth
```

```sh
python tools/test_retriever.py \
    --config configs/retriever_consumer_to_shop/roi_retriever_vgg.py \
    --checkpoint checkpoint/Retrieve_consumer_to_shop/vgg/latest.pth
```

3. Test a landmark detector.

```sh
python tools/test_landmark_detector.py \
    --config configs/landmark_detect/landmark_detect_vgg.py
    --checkpoint checkpoint/LandmarkDetect/vgg/latest.pth
```


## Train a model

You can use the following commands to train a model.

```sh
python tools/train_*.py --config ${CONFIG_FILE}
```

Examples:
1. Train a attribute predictor.

```sh
python tools/train_predictor.py \
    --config configs/attribute_predict/roi_predictor_vgg_attr.py
```

2. Train a in-shop clothes / Consumer-to-shop retriever.

```sh
python tools/train_retriever.py \
    --config configs/retriever_in_shop/roi_retriever_vgg.py
```

```sh
python tools/train_retriever.py \
    --config configs/retriever_consumer_to_shop/roi_retriever_vgg.py
```

3. Train a landmark detector.

```sh
python tools/train_landmark_detector.py \
    --config configs/landmark_detect/landmark_detect_vgg.py
```

Commit message:

Add docs for using custom datasets

docs/GETTING_STARTED.md, after:

# Getting Started

This page provides basic tutorials about the usage of `MMFashion`.


## Inference with pretrained models

We provide testing scripts to evaluate a whole dataset (Category and Attribute Prediction Benchmark, In-Shop Clothes Retrieval Benchmark, Fashion Landmark Detection Benchmark etc.),
and also some high-level apis for easier integration to other projects.

### Test an image

You can use the following commands to test an image.

```sh
python demo/test_*.py --input ${INPUT_IMAGE_FILE}
```

Examples:

Assume that you have already downloaded the checkpoints to `checkpoints/`.

1. Test an attribute predictor.

```sh
# Prepare `Anno/list_attr_cloth.txt` which is specified in `configs/attribute_predict/global_predictor_vgg_attr.py`
python demo/test_predictor.py \
    --input demo/attr_pred_demo1.jpg
```

2. Test an in-shop / Consumer-to_shop clothes retriever.

```sh
# Prepare the gallery data which is specified in `configs/retriever_in_shop/global_retriever_vgg_loss_id.py`
python demo/test_retriever.py \
    --input demo/retrieve_demo1.jpg
```


### Test a dataset

You can use the following commands to test a dataset.

```sh
python tools/test_*.py --config ${CONFIG_FILE} --checkpoint ${CHECKPOINT_FILE}
```

Examples:

Assume that you have already downloaded the checkpoints to `checkpoints/` and prepared the dataset in `data/`.

1. Test an attribute predictor.

```sh
python tools/test_predictor.py \
    --config configs/attribute_predict/roi_predictor_vgg_attr.py \
    --checkpoint checkpoint/Predict/vgg/roi/latest.pth
```

2. Test an in-shop / Consumer-to_shop clothes retriever.

```sh
python tools/test_retriever.py \
    --config configs/retriever_in_shop/roi_retriever_vgg.py \
    --checkpoint checkpoint/Retrieve_in_shop/vgg/latest.pth
```

```sh
python tools/test_retriever.py \
    --config configs/retriever_consumer_to_shop/roi_retriever_vgg.py \
    --checkpoint checkpoint/Retrieve_consumer_to_shop/vgg/latest.pth
```

3. Test a landmark detector.

```sh
python tools/test_landmark_detector.py \
    --config configs/landmark_detect/landmark_detect_vgg.py
    --checkpoint checkpoint/LandmarkDetect/vgg/latest.pth
```


## Train a model

You can use the following commands to train a model.

```sh
python tools/train_*.py --config ${CONFIG_FILE}
```

Examples:

1. Train an attribute predictor.

```sh
python tools/train_predictor.py \
    --config configs/attribute_predict/roi_predictor_vgg_attr.py
```

2. Train an in-shop clothes / Consumer-to-shop retriever.

```sh
python tools/train_retriever.py \
    --config configs/retriever_in_shop/roi_retriever_vgg.py
```

```sh
python tools/train_retriever.py \
    --config configs/retriever_consumer_to_shop/roi_retriever_vgg.py
```

3. Train a landmark detector.

```sh
python tools/train_landmark_detector.py \
    --config configs/landmark_detect/landmark_detect_vgg.py
```


## Use custom datasets

The simplest way is to prepare your dataset to existing dataset formats (AttrDataset, InShopDataset, ConsumerToShopDataset or LandmarkDetectDataset).

Please refer to [DATA_PREPARATION.md](DATA_PREPARATION.md) for the dataset specifics.
